Lessons/Lesson4.md, before:

<!-- .slide: data-background="./Images/header.svg" data-background-repeat="none" data-background-size="40% 40%" data-background-position="center 10%" class="header" -->
# Try assembling two hoverboard wheels

<!-- Put a link to the slides so that students can find them -->

<!-- 
➡️ [**Slides**](/gunterBotsEngineeringCourse/Slides/Lesson2.html ':ignore')
>
<!-- >

!-- ![Image of Engineering Design Circle](../engineeringDesignProcess.png)

 -->
Attempt to assemble two hoverboard wheels:

https://electric-skateboard.builders/t/onewheel-build-guide/80129

https://forum.esk8.news/t/onewheel-build-guide-continuation-from-old-forum/19846

[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/0dq-1kT_1OI/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dq-1kT_1OI "Hoverboard OneWheel")


## This is a video of converting a hoverboard into a onewheel using 3d printed parts
[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/tJ3aADChl2o/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJ3aADChl2o "Hoverboard OneWheel Example Build")

Some Challenges with the hoverboard approach is that a lot of available hover boards have 6.5" wheels :unamused:.  Will make the deck lower to the ground, but might be some options to lift the deck but could be off-balance.

Take the two hoverboard motors and make one wheel. The two motors will serve as the internal hub and will need a larger wheel.

## Major Parts/Categories identified:  
Motor/Wheels\
Deck \
Pressure Plate   https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4140325  
Battery \
Speed Controller with IMU  
Accessories:  
* Brain - M5 Stack  
* Sensors
* LED's
* Speaker
<!-- > -->

Commit message:

updated components/links - converted to table

Lessons/Lesson4.md, after:

<!-- .slide: data-background="./Images/header.svg" data-background-repeat="none" data-background-size="40% 40%" data-background-position="center 10%" class="header" -->
# Try assembling two hoverboard wheels

<!-- Put a link to the slides so that students can find them -->

<!-- 
➡️ [**Slides**](/gunterBotsEngineeringCourse/Slides/Lesson2.html ':ignore')
>
<!-- >

!-- ![Image of Engineering Design Circle](../engineeringDesignProcess.png)

 -->
Attempt to assemble two hoverboard wheels:

https://electric-skateboard.builders/t/onewheel-build-guide/80129

https://forum.esk8.news/t/onewheel-build-guide-continuation-from-old-forum/19846

[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/0dq-1kT_1OI/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dq-1kT_1OI "Hoverboard OneWheel")


## This is a video of converting a hoverboard into a onewheel using 3d printed parts
[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/tJ3aADChl2o/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJ3aADChl2o "Hoverboard OneWheel Example Build")


## This is a video for building the rim
[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/kwNj2Q_Ljmw/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwNj2Q_Ljmw "Hoverboard OneWheel Rim")

Some Challenges with the hoverboard approach is that a lot of available hover boards have 6.5" wheels :unamused:.  Will make the deck lower to the ground, but might be some options to lift the deck but could be off-balance.

Take the two hoverboard motors and make one wheel. The two motors will serve as the internal hub and will need a larger wheel.

## Major Parts/Categories identified:  
| Part | Link | 
| ----- | ----- | 
| Motor/Wheels |  ---- |    
| Rim |  https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3874514   |
| Deck |   - | 
| Deck components | https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4083101 |
| Pressure Plate |  https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4140325  |
| Battery |   - | 
| Speed Controller with IMU  | - |
| Accessories:  | - | 
| * Brain - M5 Stack  | - | 
| * Sensors | - |
| * LED's | - | 
| * Speaker | - | 
<!-- > -->
